Don't worry, sir, show it to me
It's a broken leg.
I still have to take him to get a divorce certificate
This leg is broken, lift it out for me, ah, yes, yes, look good, ah, okay, um
OK
Turn it out and kill it
Xiao 5, where is your jade pendant?
Ah.
Ah, it's too expensive.
I'm afraid I'll lose it in the car
So I left it in my hometown in the countryside
You can get it back in a few days. Okay.
So many years
You suffered.
Mom will take you to the mall to buy gifts later.
I'll buy you whatever you like, okay?
Ok thanks mom
This Song Wu's personality is nothing like that of an adult
Is he really the little master?
The grandmother said that the lady is called Xiaowu
That's true.
But this Song Wu is so strange